Add additional info regarding timestamp fields (#4456)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/connections/destinations/catalog/iterable/index.md

Subsequent `track` with `userId`

>  info ""

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> info ""
```

> > If you send ISO formatted date field in your events, Segment will automatically convert it into UTC to conform to standard Iterable format: "yyyy-MM-dd HH:mm:ss ZZ" (for example, "2023-02-05 20:42:10 +00:00"). Iterable has a specific date format that must be used to segment a field by date. Read more about Iterable date field here: https://support.iterable.com/hc/en-us/articles/208183076-Data-Field-Types-in-Iterable#date

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> If you send an ISO formatted date field in your events, Segment converts it into UTC to conform to standard Iterable format: `yyyy-MM-dd HH:mm:ss ZZ` (for example, `2023-02-05 20:42:10 +00:00`). Iterable has a specific date format that must be used to segment a field by date. Read more about Iterable date field [here](https://support.iterable.com/hc/en-us/articles/208183076-Data-Field-Types-in-Iterable#date){:target="_blank"}.
```
